docs: add make-disk-image (#390)
nix-community/disko: docs/reference.md

If you have a system config that uses disko then you can run a script that generates a `.raw` VM image.
This image can be used as a VM image, but you can also dd the `.raw` image on to a physical drive and just boot it.
To execute the script replace the `mySystem` part in the snippet below and run it.
```
nix build .#nixosConfigurations.mySystem.config.system.build.diskoImagesScript
```
Now you will have a result file which will output something like this:
```
./result --help
Usage: $script [options]

Options:
* --pre-format-files <src> <dst>
  copies the src to the dst on the VM, before disko is run
  This is useful to provide secrets like LUKS keys, or other files you need for formating
* --post-format-files <src> <dst>
  copies the src to the dst on the finished image
  These end up in the images later and is useful if you want to add some extra stateful files
  They will have the same permissions but will be owned by root:root
* --build-memory
  specify the ammount of memory that gets allocated to the build vm (in mb)
  This can be usefull if you want to build images with a more involed NixOS config
  By default the vm will get 1024M/1GB
* --write-to-disk </dev/disk>

>   use a actuall disk instead of writing to a file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  use an actual disk instead of writing to a file
```

  run with set -x
```

> # Generating Disk Images with Secrets Included in Disko

Reviewer 2: I think both ways are fine here as well, but we can stick with your variant.

Using Disko on NixOS allows you to efficiently create `.raw` VM images from a
system configuration. The generated image can be used as a VM or directly
written to a physical drive to create a bootable disk. Follow the steps below to
generate disk images:

## Generating the `.raw` VM Image

> 1. **Modify the script name:** Replace `mySystem` in the command below with your

Author: I feel like script name doesn't really fit here but don't know a better phrasing

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. **Build the disko image script:** Replace `mySystem` in the command below with your
```

   ```
2. **Execute the result file:** Execute the generated result file. Running
   `./result --help` will output the available options:

   ```
   ./result --help
   Usage: $script [options]

   Options:
   * --pre-format-files <src> <dst>
     copies the src to the dst on the VM, before disko is run
     This is useful to provide secrets like LUKS keys, or other files you need for formating
   * --post-format-files <src> <dst>
     copies the src to the dst on the finished image
     These end up in the images later and is useful if you want to add some extra stateful files
     They will have the same permissions but will be owned by root:root
   * --build-memory
     specify the ammount of memory that gets allocated to the build vm (in mb)
     This can be usefull if you want to build images with a more involed NixOS config
     By default the vm will get 1024M/1GB
   * --write-to-disk </dev/disk>
     use an actuall disk instead of writing to a file
     This only works if your conifg has only one disk specified
     There is no check if the specified path is actually a disk so you can also write to another file
   ```

## Additional Configuration

> - For virtual drive use, define the image size in your Disko configuration:

Author: ```suggestion
- For virtual drives, define the image size in your Disko configuration:
```

Reviewer 2: technically the other one is also correct, but maybe more confusing.

  ```bash
  disko.devices.disk.<drive>.imageSize = "32G"; # Set your preferred size
  ```

> - If the `.raw` image size is problematic, use `--write-to-disk` to write
>   directly to a drive. This bypasses the `.raw` file generation and is suitable
>   for single disk, simple setups.

Author: ```suggestion
- If the `.raw` image size is not optimal, use `--write-to-disk` to write
  directly to a drive. This bypasses the `.raw` file generation, which saves on read/write operations
  and is suitable for single disk setups.
```
